[ 38] Daedeloth: Quest idea
Date: Sat Jul 28 11:08:36 2001
To: fade

Here's an idea for a quest ;) I guess it might require a bit of coding :P It also allows
for several variations which might be fun :)

No sneak/SW/invis during the quest.
It takes place in a medium-sized, mazelike arena. The goal is to keep hold of an item,
I'll call it the "tag" (a small jewel, a snail, whatever). The tag starts in the center
of the arena, and the questers in the corners, asleep. When the quest starts, the questers
try to get the tag. One of them will first, but by "tag <name>" (or any other command)
the tag passes to your inventory, then of course you run like hell from the others
so they don't take it from you. At the end of a pre-established amount of time, the one
holding the tag has won.
The player holding the tag has a [TAG] yellow marker or something to distinguish them ;)

Variation 1 -- Team play.
It works in the same way except that there are two teams (the winning team shares iqp), 
which might be fun when there are clans. You can "give tag" to a team-member in this 
variation. To add complexity, you could also have a throw/pass command that sends the tag in a direction (throw tag north), and if it finds a team member along the next 2 squares, they get it.
Alternatively, when you throw the tag, it lands somewhere in the next 2 squares in that
direction, so anyone could get it. The team in hold of the tag at the end, is the winner.

Variation 3 -- PK involved.
A variation that wouldn't let the little folks win. In this way, the "tag" command doesn't
exist, but rather when you kill someone you get their tag, and that's the only way to
get it...Which might be total chaos, but also fun? ;)
(This is Variation 2, i mistyped there ;P)

Variation 3 -- Team play/Scoring.
This is the same as the team play variation, however the goal is now to score more points
than the adversary team. There are two special rooms in the arena, one for each team.
When the tag is dropped in the square of a team, they get a point. The first team to score
5 points, wins the game.

Variation 4 -- Team play/Scoring/PK.
The same as the previous, but there is no "tag" command...to get the tag from the opposite
team, you have to kill the holder. The throw/pass command still exists, which might allow
for interesting tactics, where even smaller members of the team have a use. This is, of
course, most fun when the clans participate against each other. Even more than two teams
could compete, each having their "score" room, although how confusing that might be i 
don't know :)

Thanks for reading through the spam...if i have more ideas i'll send them asap :)

Daed

